This is Donald Davidson.
I'll sing a song that I learned from my father in Tennessee, Frog Went to Courten.
Frog went to court and he did ride, and a-hum.
Frog went to court and he did ride, sword and pistol by his side, and a-hum.
He took little Mousy on his knee, and a-hum.
He took little Mousy on his knee, and he said, little Mousy, will you marry me, and a-hum.
Oh no, no, no, not without Uncle Rat's consent Oh no, no, no, not without Uncle Rat's consent I would not marry the President Old Uncle Rat laughed and shook his fat side Old Uncle Rat laughed and shook his fat side To think his niece would be a bride Oh where will the wedding supper be
Oh, where will the wedding supper be?
Away down yon in the hollabeach tree.
Oh, what will the wedding supper be?
Three green beans and a black-eyed pea.